You know that
My parents died at the hands of the Dongying people
Why do you still want to join them?
Of course I'm for the money
Make a lot of money
I don't even want my family for money
Is it worth it? Of course it's worth it
If Dad had compromised sooner
thing
Mom won't die, what nonsense, countless spirits
In the end, he couldn't even save his wife
bastard
Do you know
Dad died at their hands
How could you do such a thing?
Goodbye!
No matter what I did wrong before
You won't blame me
This is the first time you hit me
elder sister
You know this gamble
How much money did the Dongying organization make?
500 million.
Join Dongying with me
Let's make more money together, okay?
You shut up
I don't have a sister like you
It doesn't matter if you don't join
Anyway, this gamble
We have been given the head job of Dongying
Can go to the next level
I also want to thank my sister
Oh, well, here's a secret. I'll tell you.
The winner of this bet
We are not the only one in Dongying.
Pardon me?
Master Ye
You made my sister a lot of money this time too